docs: Wallet dev docs (#1746)
AztecProtocol/aztec-packages: docs/docs/dev_docs/wallets/main.md

However, users must be able to receive funds in Aztec before deploying their account. A wallet should let a user generate a [deterministic complete address](../../concepts/foundation/accounts/keys.md#addresses-partial-addresses-and-public-keys) without having to interact with the network, so they can share with others to receive funds. This requires that the wallet pins a specific contract implementation, its initialisation arguments, a deployment salt, and a privacy key. These values yield a deterministic address, so when the account contract is actually deployed, it is available at the precalculated address. Once the account contract is deployed, the user can start sending transactions using it as the transaction origin.

## Transaction lifecycle

> Every transaction in Aztec is broadcasted to the network as its zero-knowledge proof of correct execution, in order to preserve privacy. This means that transaction proofs are generated on the wallet and not on a remote node. This is one of the biggest differences with regard to EVM chain wallets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every transaction in Aztec is broadcast to the network as a zero-knowledge proof of correct execution, in order to preserve privacy. This means that transaction proofs are generated on the wallet and not on a remote node. This is one of the biggest differences with regard to EVM chain wallets.
```

> A wallet is responsible for first **creating** an [execution request](../../concepts/foundation/accounts/main.md#execution-requests). This means going from an intent, such as _call transfer on this contract_, to an authenticated transaction formatted for the user's account contract. As an example, given an [ECDSA-based account](https://github.com/AztecProtocol/aztec-packages/blob/95d1350b23b6205ff2a7d3de41a37e0bc9ee7640/yarn-project/noir-contracts/src/contracts/ecdsa_account_contract/src/main.nr#L1), an execution request has the account contract as `origin`, calls its `entrypoint` function, and encodes the user intent as `payload`, which is signed using ECDSA with a private key managed by the wallet.

Reviewer: > A wallet is responsible for first **creating** an [execution request](../../concepts/foundation/accounts/main.md#execution-requests). This means going from an intent, such as _call transfer on this contract_, to an authenticated transaction formatted for the user's account contract

So does a wallet _include_ an implementation of 'aztec.js', or is a wallet just the Aztec RPC Server?
I guess I'm confused still by what an intent is, in this context. A human thought (an intent such as "call transfer on this contract") is translated into the human pressing a button, which is translated by aztec.js into a JSON RPC call to the Aztec RPC Server, which is translated into arguments that can be consumed by an account contract.

Would it be truer to say that the wallet's responsibilities actually begin when it receives a JSON RPC transaction request object, and then the wallet takes that object and formats it into a 'transaction request' format that can be read by the simulator (which then formats the transaction request again into arguments that can be read by the account contract)? (I.e. that the translation of an intent into JSON RPC format is actually done outside of the wallet, before reaching the wallet?)

Reviewer: Perhaps a takeaway from some of my questions so far, is that we'll need to be consistent about naming things, perhaps to the point of eventually needing a glossary, or links to actual javascript object descriptions.

Some terms that have come up so far over the past couple of pages (and in my brain):

Intent, transaction, authenticated transaction, execution request, transaction request, payload, call, transaction origin, account, account contract, account contract implementation, the various formattings of a 'transaction request' for various components, function call, enqueued function, function request, entrypoint, transaction formatting, transaction authentication, execution trace, side effect.

Once the execution request is created, it is **simulated** to retrieve an execution trace. This provides the user with a list of the side effects of a transaction if it is successfully mined, and a trace to be fed into the prover. During this simulation, the wallet is responsible of providing data to the virtual machine, such as private notes, encryption keys, or nullifier secrets.

:::info

> Since private executions rely on a UTXO model, the side effects of a transaction cannot change when mined. However, the transaction can be dropped due to attempting to consume a private note that another transaction consumes before it is mined. Also, any side effects that arise from its public execution _can_ change, as in any EVM-based chain.

Reviewer: > Also, any side effects that arise from its public execution _can_ change, as in any EVM-based chain

Do the 'side effects that arise from its public execution' _change_, or is it really that those side effects aren't determined until the sequencer begins public execution?

:::

After the user greenlights the transaction, the wallet generates a **proof** for it that guarantees correct execution and hides all private information, which gets **sent** to the P2P network for inclusion in a next block.

:::warning
There are no proofs generated as of the Sandbox release. This will be included in a future release before testnet.
:::
## Key management

> As in EVM-based chains, wallets are expected to manage user keys, or provide an interface to hardware wallets or alternate key stores. Keep in mind that in Aztec each account requires [two sets of keys](../../concepts/foundation/accounts/keys.md): privacy keys and authentication keys. Privacy keys are mandated by the protocol and used for encryption and nullification, whereas authentication keys are dependent on the account contract implementation rolled out by the wallet. Should the account contract support it, wallets must provide the user with the means to rotate or recover their authentication keys.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As in EVM-based chains, wallets are expected to manage user keys, or provide an interface to hardware wallets or alternative key stores. Keep in mind that in Aztec each account requires [two sets of keys](../../concepts/foundation/accounts/keys.md): privacy keys and authentication keys. Privacy keys are mandated by the protocol and used for encryption and nullification, whereas authentication keys are dependent on the account contract implementation rolled out by the wallet. Should the account contract support it, wallets must provide the user with the means to rotate or recover their authentication keys.
```

:::info
There is no built-in mechanism for broadcasting public encryption keys at the moment. In a future release, clients may automatically track the complete address that corresponds to an account contract deployment, though it will still be needed to manually add recipients who have not yet deployed their account contracts.
:::

## Private state

Last but not least, wallets also track the user's private state. Wallets currently rely on brute force decryption, where every new block is downloaded and its encrypted data blobs are attempted to be decrypted with the user decryption keys. Whenever a blob is decrypted properly, it is added to the corresponding account's private state.

:::info
At the time of this writing, all private state is encrypted and broadcasted through the network, and eventually committed to L1. This means that a wallet can reconstruct its entire private state out of its encryption keys in the event of local data loss.
:::

> Note that wallets must also scan for private state in blocks prior to their deployment, since users may have received private state before deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that wallets must also scan for private state in blocks prior to the deployment of a user's account contract, since users may have received private state before deployment.
```

Reviewer: Carrying on the discussion from the other PR on usage of "their". I suggested changing this instance, because "their" refers to "wallets" here, but wallets aren't things which can be deployed.
